# CS-305R
Work from system security


1. Artemis Financial is a company that develops personalized financial plans for clients, they cover such services such as savings accounts, retirement plans, investments and insurance. With this being said, the company would have to obviously handle, maintain and manage many high sensitive personal and financial information. The comapnay would like to handle these information/data though a RESTful web API built with Spring Boot. The client's main issue that they wanted to addressed was imporving the overall software security of their existing web application. They see that there are potential vulnerabilities that needed to be addressed.
2. I did well by identifying the potential hazards and vulnerabilities that may put Artemis Financial at risk for potential attacks. I follow the vulnerability assessmennt process flow, I interpreted the client's needs first, manually reviewed the code for issues like missing input validatioin and weak cryptography. I ran a static analysis with the OWASP Dependency-Check tool to catch known vulnerable libraries and other features. I also did a mitigation plan covering all seven key areas, input validation, secure API interactions, cryptography, client/server security, error handling, code quality and encapsulation. Coding is important because doing it right will enusre the upmost security for data protection and client protection.
3. The part of the vulnerability assessment that was the most challening was getting the code to work correctly. Also, trying to load the program correctly to get the dependency check report was also very challenging.
4. I increased the layers of security by implementing a defense in depty approach in the mitigation plan. In the future, I would use a combination of tools and practices and I think in the future, there will be more online security features that haven't existed yet.
5. To make sure that the code was working, I recommend implementing fixes such as using fixes without breaking core API behavior, like adding TLS configuration in application. After refactoring (something I think I didn't accomplish) I would check for vulnerabilities by re-running the dependency check scan to confirm no new CVEs were there. That was pretty much it for that part.
6. Some resources and tools that I used that might help in future assinments or tasks were: OWASP Dependency check with Maven plugin, Spring Boot/Spring Security documentation for implementing HTTPS, authentication and secure configurations.
7. This is a very important question. For this particular assignemnt, I would show employers the completed vulnerability assessment report, which demonstrates my ability to analyze client needs, identify securtiy risks in a real world like finanacial application, justify security controls, interpret static analysis results and propose a practical mitigation plan. I would also show my employer the screenshots of my dependency check report that I dentified and prioritized CVEs. Before and after screenshots of highlighting secure implementations like added TLS, validation annotations and Spring Security configurations. 
